This programme contains
strong language and adult humour
That's what we masters of
the dark arts call a blip.
We need to start booting up
this crime stats inquiry.
Julius, what is the deal? At the
moment, Malcolm is getting the sack.
You, fucking speak! You've always
fucking got something to say.
I'm only a cabinet minister!
Fuck off then.
Malcolm Tucker has resigned.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Happy days!
You will fucking see me again!
Malcolm! Malcolm!
REPORTERS CLAMOUR
Let me in. No.
Watch the hedge. Watch the hedge.
I'm just trying to get home, please.
Show's over, OK? Fucking bacteria.
You know, I just can't
quite believe this.
This is the single most
shocking thing I've seen
in politics since the SDP.
I thought he'd at least go out
with a bang, or a killing spree.
I always imagined he'd just
shout so hard
his lungs would come up
and choke him to death.
End of an era.
A really shit era
though, isn't it? Whooooo!
Yeah, all right, calm down.
Balrog's dead!
I mean, that's it. They're done.
No-one can replace him. It's like
when Queen lost Freddie.
Certainly not Paul Rodgers. Right,
that's the two seconds of respect
due to him, now get back
to your desks and do something, OK?
Not the sofa, who are you,
Lorraine Kelly? Get out here
and do something.
If you've nothing to do, leave,
because you're clearly
surplus to requirements.
Um, lads and lasses.
Please, just a quick word,
thank you.
Really, it's just a handhold,
to set the tone
for a slightly rejigged regime.
I've done
all the important departments,
and now I've got to you.
Seriously, I've done
that joke everywhere,
even with the genuinely
big departments.
I'm not aiming at you
in any sort of a snide way.
I'm just checking that we're all
at the very top of our games.
Glenn? Mate? Sorry.
Are you on top of your game?
I am... I'm above my game.
I'm in a geostationary orbit,
way above it, looking down, going,
"Hello, game, it's Glenn!" Right.
You know, there's an election
looming. This is a serious time.
We need to be aware of that.
But I love humour and
that was good humour.
Do you want to swim the Channel
for Scope?
No! Do you want to do
Dragons' Den for Children In Need?
I'd rather fuck a real dragon.
Would you consider promoting
a politically-themed restaurant?
How does that... How does that
even work? Fuck, no, I don't care.
Would you like to write a children's
book called The Angry Spider?
So, everything, good.
Yeah, you know, a bit of instability
with Malcolm gone.
A sort of sense
of post-psychotic twat's disorder.
No, no, listen. I understand.
But you know, right now,
you're all emerging from the cellar.
Pleased that the beatings
have stopped, scared of
what the future might hold.
But long-term, I think
we're all going to be OK.
Pep-talk over!
Return to your desks
and prepare for government.
We're in government.
Well then,
prepare to stay in government.
All right. How do we do that?
Pack an overnight bag.
Would you please fucking well...!
Sorry, I lost my temper.
Where is it?
Where is it? Where is it?
Oh, I've found it again,
it's all right!
Always in the last
place you look, eh?
So, can I... Yeah.
Great. Actually, can I have a word
with you, Nicky? Yeah. Nicola.
I just wanted to check...
Obviously, Dan Miller's cabal
is going house-to-house through
the cabinet looking for numbskulls
stupid enough to resign
to trigger his elevation
to the throne.
Obviously. What I need to know is,
are you solid?
Yeah, I'm completely,
I'm solid as the proverbial.
As a rock, as a rock, hard,
as a sailor's wang on shore leave.
Superb.
You really are
a potty mouth, aren't you?
Well, a lot to do!
Ollie, Glenn, in here now.
Quick, quick. Glenn, don't faff
about with your glasses.
You take them off every time you
come in here, it's not impressive.
What do we know about
the anti-Tom cabal? Why have
I not been contacted by them?
Because it would be... Um...
You're seen very much
as an individual around the...
That's bollocks.
It's cos I'm the girl at the party
nobody wants to dance with.
I'm the freak in the corner
with a pint of cider and blackcurrant
and the funny eye.
No, no. I mean, it's a big Rolodex
full of numbers...
Thank you, you may go. We still
would like to dance with you.
Fuck off! Go and put your glasses
back on.
Malcolm?
Sarah Jennings. Welcome to the BBC.
Did you have any trouble getting
here? No, I had trouble getting in.
They thought I was a terrorist.
If you'd like to take
a seat down there.
We're really very excited.
Yeah. This could be
the highlight of my career.
And I've taken a dump
in the White House.
That's great banter, that's exactly
what we're looking for. Is it?
So, this pitch.
It's for the sort of person
who tried coke once but didn't
like it - it's a BBC Three show.
It's a bullshit description but,
you know, it paints a picture.
Who didn't like coke?
Oh! Yeah. So the idea is,
you're going to be
talking to other people who, like
you, have been through the shits.
For this, I was thinking
Brian Keenan? Kerry Katona?
Sorry, do you mind?
Sorry, I have got to take this.
Yeah, no...no worries.
We'll continue this. Yeah? Hello?
Oh, hello. Where did you go
for lunch, Belgium?
I was meeting a friend. Oh, right.
Meanwhile, back in Gotham City,
the Express is running the idea
that your victim support scheme
is actually a rapist's charter.
And Steve Fleming wants
you to do some local media.
There's this guy who's
very angry his dead mum
keeps getting sent parking tickets,
so can we cover that?
So, dead mum, rapists. Yep, all good.
Ollie, could you assemble
a policy profile for me
for the Centre for Economic Reform
out of Yale?
Yes I can, why? Just curiosity -
it's a very interesting think tank.
You haven't been offered
a job or anything, have you?
You might comment.
I couldn't possibly say yes.
I mean, if you've been offered
a job, we better start
looking around ourselves.
You can't start planning an exit
from this department.
That would undermine me.
Nicola, there's someone called
Hannah on line three,
she's from the Centre of Economic...
Thank you, please scram. Sod off.
Get out, don't go looking for jobs.
So, what d'you reckon? Sod that,
we've got to put some feelers out.
But we'll do it discreetly.
Yeah, like you do on the Tube.
I suppose it is the end now
for you two, the full stop.
After all those commas,
a few little semi-colons on the way.
I wouldn't be quite so smug, Terri.
Because I heard from very good
sources that the opposition
will be getting the Fucker in.
Yep, that's what I heard too.
They're definitely getting the
Fucker in. I haven't heard that.
The Fucker, he coming.
He coming to your town.
You do know why they call him
the Fucker, don't you, Terri?
Yes. Sorry, not you.
Is it because he's
a bit of a fucker?
It's not going to be easy
for Peter Mannion.
He's not going to be reading
The Wind In The Willows,
sipping camomile tea.
He's going to have a crash helmet,
bent over, doing his best
to be heard over a force 10 fucking
from the Fucker. Piers, hello.
Hello, Philip Schofield.
I fuck lobsters for money.
Take the rice first. Thank you.
I want you to be very clear, Malc,
why it is that I've brought you in.
That fine, that's fine. D'you know
what hat it is that I'm wearing?
Is it your baldy swimming cap wig?
No, it's my government
trouble-shooter Stetson,
which is a long way from my
Homburg of sober inquiry.
Do you know I'm thinking
about doing a television programme?
I had heard something
on the grapevine.
You know that programme Civilisation
with Kenneth Clarke? Yes.
It's going to be like that, except
with fucking more quim, you know?
It's me, Simon Schama
and Alan Yentob,
in a cage, fucking lump hammer each,
whacking the shit out of each other.
The last man standing
wins a fucking Ford Focus.
The thing is, Malcolm, your
departure has basically precipitated
a call to arms, in effect.
We have it on reasonably
good authority that there are
between three to four cabinet
ministers who are disgruntled,
and are planning
a mass resignation.
That means, very simply,
a Dan Miller coronation.
As my nephew would say, this shit
just got real. Your nephew?
Yeah, he's at Charterhouse.
Only a day boy, not a boarder.
Anyway, the fact is,
it has to be stopped.
And there have been a number
of ideas being tossed around,
and one of them is,
would you be prepared to come back?
Are you out of your
tiny shiny fucking mind?
Look, we can do this simply.
Step one, are you interested?
Of course you are.
Step two, will you come back?
Yes?
Superb. Step 3.
This is the important step.
Will you use your considerable
influence to destroy the cabal?
Can I drop it down?
Fandabbydozy!
Step four, it's party time.
Let's tool up with basmati rice
and wahay!
You're asking me...
Come back here and mop up the fucking
splatter from my own assassination?
You know where the bodies
are buried.
We'll just say you're coming back
to advise. It's election strategy.
Not a day-to-day
Government business role.
I can't come back unless I know
that I'm in the clear in your report.
I'm not in a position to discuss
that. Not with my current hat on.
However, would I be sat here now,
if the man in the other hat,
which is also me,
wasn't sure that everyone
involved in this inquiry
didn't come out relatively well?
And what about Steve Fleming, yeah?
You schizo hat-fuck.
Let me put it this way.
You see this onion bhajee?
Let us just pretend
for a minute that that onion bhajee
is the problems that would be caused
by a report that criticised
you or Steve Fleming. Hmm?
Watch.
You see what I'm doing?
I'm eating the onion bhajee.
Why?
Because I'm the man that
makes the bhajee go away.
There's a rumour that you're
getting the Fucker in. Are you lot
getting the Fucker in?
Look, if you are, just say
the word "Fucker." Uh...
Hey! I'll call you back.
Tintin's sexy sister.
You're back. Are you back?
I'm back like ballroom dancing.
And I need your help,
my little...Fuckbob Shitpants.
Right. Well, OK.
I need you to hook me up
to a printer. I need a printer.
All right. I wont do any blow-job
jokes if you don't, mate.
Yeah. Copy that...mate.
Just because somebody has
to kill people for a living
doesn't make them a killer.
Do you know what I mean?
Not hugely, Malcolm, no.
Anyway, what's the story, fuckanory?
What's been happening?
Nothing much, really. Just...
The only bit of turbulence is this
job Nicola's thinking of taking.
Yale, apparently. The key people?
No, the university.
There's a think-tank there
that's approached her.
I don't think that would be
a good idea. Do you?
Well, she seems pretty set on it.
Do you think that would be
a good idea?
I'll have a word with her.
Yeah, have a word with her. Yeah.
So you're not going
to ask me how I'm getting on?
Sorry, that's very rude. How are you
getting on, Malcolm? How are you?
Well...good days and bad days. Right.
Steve Fleming's...
I don't, you know...
The guy is...
I fucking despise the guy.
I despise him as much
as fucking James May
presumably despises himself.
I'm glad he's getting a fucking
death sentence in Nicholas' report.
Ah, death sentence for Fleming?
Yeah, that's...not something
that should be out there.
No. No, no, no, no.
I'll catch you later. Thanks for
doing that. Not a problem, Malcolm.
I'm very grateful...
Malcolm's back.
Malcolm's back. He's through there.
What? I'll call you back.
Hi. Hello.
Are you alright? You've got that
cock in the cookie jar look.
He's back. Who? Barrymore?
No. Clement Attlee?
Oh, fuck! Yes. Malcolm. Yes.
Oh, no. God, he's going to kill me.
I was there when he was being sacked
and he asked me for help
and I held out and now he's going to
want revenge, isn't he? Fuck!
It's going to be like...
Kill Bill or Get Carter, only it's
going to be Get And Kill Nicola
And Then Get Carter And Bill
To Fucking Kill Her Too.
How did you hear about it?
I've just connected his computer
for him in the old liaison...
Fuck! He's in the building? Shit!
Where?
He's in the old liaison office.
But he's in an odd way, Nicola.
It's like he's been to the vet
and had his knacker's done.
When I come back from Cabinet,
I'm going to hide in my office.
For the rest of the day.
Oh, God. I'm going to be glad
to be out here.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Are you... All right. America?
What are you thinking, Yale or nale?
I don't know.
Off the record, what do you think?
I really, really wonder whether
it's the right thing for you.
I mean, it's a huge country,
isn't it? I was going to live there.
I wasn't going to eat it.
I know, but imagine sitting there
on your fanny,
watching King Of Queen's,
eating a Twinkie, and...
Malcolm's told you to warn me
off it, hasn't he? No. Well, yeah.
He's been here
two minutes and already
he's pulling the strings of his
pathetic little voodoo marionette.
No. Right. Fuck it.
I'm not going to hide.
Bring it on!
Malcolm.
Hey, Nicola! How are you doing?
You're back. Yeah, I'm just, um...
tying up a few loose ends.
With which you're going to plait
some kind of garrotte
and strangle me.
Forgive and forget.
That's my motto.
I thought your motto was
"Who Fucks, Wins"
or "Honi Soit Qui Malky Fuck."
I've got a lot of mottos.
Don't take that job, Nicola.
God, Malcolm... The anti-Tom brigade
are just waiting for
the first piece to fall.
If you resign,
it's political fucking Jenga.
You'll cause a landslide
that will bury this Government,
and you'll keep the Party
in opposition
until Daniel Radcliffe is
advertising walk-in baths in
the fucking People's Friend.
I've got to go to Number Ten.
I'll chum you over... chum.
The rain in Spain stays mainly
on the plain.
Well, actually, that is a popular
misconception, because what happens
is the rain falls just before
the mountain ridge.
They wouldn't want you to know that
because it would spoil the rhyme.
Julius... What's up, Boo-Boo?
Not much. I'm just feeding some
vittles to these poor old ducks.
That red-crested pochard there is
positively hoggish for this Hovis.
I heard certain rumblings that
I don't come out terribly well
in this report of yours.
Off the record, matey, am I fucked?
Off the record, and this is
strictly between you, me and that
ornamental gatepost over there...
Of course. ..the report is strictly
confidential until publication.
Do you see what I've done there?
The bald man has done a funny.
It's not funny, no.
It's not funny at all, Julius.
I think I'm on sparkling form.
For fuck's sake. You fucking...
Stephen! Pontius Pilate,
with the emphasis on ponce!
"Care to do another draft, Sir
Whitewash?" What has the Mirror got?
"Give us the bald facts?"
Oh. It's very rude, that, isn't it?
I was always taught never to make
personal remarks, but...
He's impressive, Malcolm, in an evil
way. Like those women at Crufts who
make dogs dance on their hind legs.
How are we all this morning?
Bright and breezy or shite
and wheezy? Morning, Malcolm.
Oh, that's a nice, snuggly fleece.
Going to the garden centre,
Malcolm?
No, this is lovely and warm. 40 tog.
Tell you what, I'm going
to make a cup of tea.
Terri? No, Malcolm, honestly, no.
You don't have to.
I can make the tea. Hey, Nicola!
Do you want a... cup of tea?
OK... Well, what do you want?
Um, lemon zinger, please.
A what? Lemon zinger.
Whatever the lady wants. Is there
a kitty for this? Honestly,
Malcolm... Tenner enough?
Take the money, woman, come on!
Thank you very much. Hey, Malcolm?
Yes? Bad luck on Steve, eh?
Being long-lensed in the park
like that with Nicholson, hey, Malc?
Nice double whammy, isn't it?
Fleming looks like he's trying
to influence the report
AND do some bald-on-bald cottaging
at the same time.
All that dark arts and spinning,
That's yester-Malcolm.
That's not, you know, that's not
me any more. I like the new me.
I feel 20 years younger.
You look it.
You look 20 years younger. Do I? Mm.
You're looking great yourself,
you know, at the moment.
That colour really, really suits
you. It's very, very attractive.
Christ, is he dying or something?
I don't know. (Is he flirting?)
You... Julius.
..are a naughty bastard.
Best thing I've read all year.
It's the only thing, mind you.
You've done some awful things to me,
but this takes the bloody biscuit.
And you've pissed on that biscuit
and I've got to eat it. Well,
I will not eat the pissy biscuit!
Sam, no pissy biscuits!
What are you going on about, Julius?
You made it look as if Steve leant
on me so I'd wrongly exonerate him.
As a result, I had to come down
upon him like a ton of bricks,
totally unfairly, just to protect
my unimpeachable reputation
for fairness.
Yeah, well, it's a great report.
What I really like about it
is it's fucking short.
How long did it take you to rewrite
the Steve Fleming stuff?
I pulled an all-nighter. Black
coffee. Vivaldi on the iPod Touch.
Certainly worth it. I mean,
he comes over as a 28-carat shite.
Oh, Steve, mate.
Have you seen the papers?
Looks like you're becoming the story.
Stephen, can I... Oh, I understand,
Julius. It's the game we play.
You did what you had to do.
If it's all the same, Stephen...
Steve! I'm sorry.
I'll not forget this.
Are you off to clear
your desk, Steve?
Don't forget your lucky gonk,
and your World's Shittest Dad mug.
We were on the same side,
Malcolm, and you fucked me over!
Not me, Stevo, not me.
The independent report.
So I'm sorry,
but you're going to have to go.
Oh, I agree with you. I'm going.
I'm going to resign
from the Cabinet.
And then I'm going to go
and join Dan Miller's team.
I think we need a new leader.
Steve! Oh, no, no, no. Steve!
Don't you ever take up fucking poker,
because you're a crap liar.
I am going to join Dan Miller's
team and then we are going
to take you down.
We are going to take you down
to funky town!
Funky town centre, here you come!
Choo fucking choo. Is this what
you're threatening me with?
Fucking disco lights and
a fucking choo-choo train?
You're a joke, Steve.
There's nothing you can do! Steve!
Yeah? There's one thing I can do.
What are you going to do?
Yeah, wouldn't you like to know?
Who are you going to meet?
Who's your meeting with? Bye-bye!
I'm not fucking worried, mate!
Fuck him, fuck him,
fuck him, fuck him!
OK, listen, everybody.
That was Gavin at Number Ten.
He reckons that Steve Fleming
has just joined the cabal.
A complete disaster. There'll be
nothing else on television for weeks.
Where's Malcolm?
The dark knight in all this.
Malcolm will have grabbed his false
passport and got a plane to Brazil
to spend the rest of his days
being the world's scariest dentist.
Derek! Get the fuck down to ITN
right now and start briefing the shit
out of them. Where's Sarah?
I want Sarah to do the cars.
I want her to pimp
the ministerial rides. Come on!
Fire up the mid-range saloons.
Nicola Murray, just the girl!
What the hell is going on here?
In 20 minutes' time,
the Prime Minister of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland
is going to announce
that he's calling the election.
Shitting Henry!
Thank you very much. OK, how...
What I don't... How are you
announcing... The Cabinet haven't...
We haven't actually had...
So how...? Wh, wh, wh...
Exactly, exactly, exactly, Nicola!
See that, that fucking gibbering?
That's what everyone
is doing now, the fucking cabal,
the fucking opposition, fucking us!
We have grabbed the initiative.
Yeah, for maybe five minutes.
Well, life is just a succession
of five minuteses! Oh, great.
So you're Buddha, now, are you?
Yeah, if Buddha had been
on the cover of GQ.
Yeah, could you get me the Yale
Centre For Economic Renewal, please?
Why are you ringing them? Stay.
Stay. No, look. Please don't ring...!
Don't fucking ring her.
Hello? Relax. You've got plenty of
time. It's not ringing. Loads of...
Oh, it is ringing.
It's time to tell the Yanks
to fuck off. Come on.
Going leafleting in Neasden, yeah?
You have no right to do this.
I'll not be bounced by you.
Listen, if you quit now, you might
well cost us this election, right?
Bollocks. But see if we win,
there will be rewards.
You've seen the Foreign Office.
It's fucking huge, isn't it?
Don't make me do this. Stay.
OK, I'll stay.
Hello, yes, sorry, I'd just like to
put you on to our mutual
acquaintance, Nicola Murray.
She's got something she wants
to tell you. Hannah... Um...
There's nobody there. Yeah, I spoke
to her already. You fucker!
I'm going to put a word in for you
about the Foreign Office job.
They're always looking for cleaners
there. You fucker, Malcolm!
All right, then! Listen up,
my Children of a Lesser God.
You'll find a file marked
"Snap Election Drill" on the J
drive.
If you don't know how to access
the J drive, hand your pass in
at reception,
go and buy some silver body paint
and pretend to be a robot on the
South Bank. Fly, my pretties, fly!
Stuart! Stuart?
The Fucker's downstairs. No, no, no.
He's not downstairs, but if he were,
I'd know about it and if I knew
about it, I would have vetoed it.
He is, and he is complete poison.
Ah, The Fucker!
And you thought he was just a myth
created to frighten naughty MPs into
eating all their truffles and swan.
Watch my lips.
Cal Richard is not here.
Cal! Hello.
Hi. Hi, Stuart. Good to see you.
I didn't know about this.
JB didn't say anything.
I just wanted it to be a surprise.
Yeah, why are you here?
Well, I thought I'd just check in
with the intellectual powerhouse
of the party. Emma.
If you want to step in the office,
I'll dismiss the children
and we can talk.
No. Because I'm kidding, aren't I?
No, because... I've come here to
tell you that you're fucking sacked.
Halle-bloody-lujah!
Shall I escort Stuart
from the building?
Don't be such a fucking turncoat.
Excellent idea. While you're there,
could you do me another favour?
Could you find a hostel,
go there and take a fucking
overdose of barbiturates?
Yeah, right.
OK, well, I'm not fired.
You can't fire me, Cal, so shall we
just cut to the chase? Hmm?
"Ah, you can't fire me,
Cal, cos you're..."
Gotcha. I'm kidding.
Of course you're not fired.
Look at your face.
Funny. I'm sensing a change of
management styles here, from
touchy-feely to smashy-testes.
No, OK, joking aside.
I'm just an impartial observer.
Quite partial, obviously, so...
Take it away, Captain Mainwaring.
All right, folks. Listen up.
We have three key targets when we
are smart-bombing our beloved PM,
and they are the deficit,
unemployment, lack of leadership.
Get on to the J drive.
You'll find key...
Fuck, that is brilliant!
That is inspired! What sauce!
Get in!
It's the economy, Stu-pot!
Fuck, what I really need to do
is shoot you all in the back of
the head! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
But I can't, because it's illegal!
OK, I'd like a small cappuccino,
two extra shots, please.
I think we've got a long night
ahead of us.
Come on! I'm coming.
Better the devil you know, huh?
Five years.
I can't work the coffee machine.
Fantastic news, isn't it?
Yep, I'm going back to be
much freer. Two free weeks.
So... did I miss anything?
Glenn won a pound
on the scratchcard.
That's my retirement sorted!
So, we get out there
and hust, do we?
Hmm? Hust. We go to the hustings.
Don't think it's a verb, is it,
Glenn? Well, all right, um...
Could you do me a huge favour?
Mmm-hmm.
Could you just not talk for a second?
OK.
I think we're just playing it
in the wrong key.
It's when we go,
"Red and yellow and blue..."
What's she talking about? She's
putting on her annual production
of Joseph in Hemel Hempstead.
She doesn't licence it ever
because she considers Joseph
to be public domain.
But I need to just pitch it
a little higher.
More like, "Red and yellow and..."
She's directing it. And starring.
As Jacob. With a beard?
One assumes so. Or she'll let
herself go for a couple of weeks,
see what happens.
I know what people say
to you, right? They say,
"We hate you."
I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.
Everybody hates you.
So fucking what? Some people,
they just fucking love to hate.
Some people, they'd fucking walk
around the fucking Garden of Eden
fucking moaning about the lack
of fucking mobile reception.
These are the kind of fucks
who watched Mandela,
fucking Nelson Mandela...
..walk to freedom,
and said, "Is Diagnosis Murder
not on the other side?"
So we fucking forget about them.
This Government's run this country
into the ground.
This used to be a green
and pleasant land.
Now it's the colour
of the fucking BBC weather map.
It looks like anaemic dogshit.
JB, Cal Richards,
and their hordes
of fucking robots.
They're coming over the hill towards
us and all you've got to do is this.
Bend down, pick up any
fucking weapon you can
and twat the fuckery out of them.
This Government is maimed,
but it can't be shamed.
It will be fucked.
Let's get out there
and let's fucking kill them.
Let's set fire to tiers.
Let's go! Come on! Let's go, yes!
OK, let's get going.
What do we do?
What do I call for an outside line?
It was great, wasn't it?
What do we do?
Is it nine? That's what it is
everywhere else.
Car's here. Car's here, Nicola.
We're off.
Bye-bye Terri, then. See you soon.
Just want to say goodbye.
Sorry, very sticky, but...
Sorry, I scratched you.
Honestly, I just want to say,
honestly... I mean it.
Thank you. And yeah.
Thanks for the...stuff.
Glenn, I don't know about you...
Don't worry about me, Terri.
I've got plenty of options.
I'm just going to take stock.
From Morrisons?
OK, you can pick some records
as well. Girls Aloud.
Or would that make it too seedy?
OK, Girls Aloud.
Stop saying Abingdon to me!
I want a fucking chocolate biscuit!
Booked him on another
breakfast show. Bryan and Rob.
Yeah, for the first time in
a decade, I can feel the old dog
twitching to life.
"This election give me an erection!"
The old dog I was referring to
was me.
See you, Nicola!
Or not.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media